i just wrote an anky and as i was writing feedback for the platform came. besides this feedback, ineed you to evolve the ui/ux after the user writes. the collapse text appears weird. don't show it. it should be always just fully open and visible what the user wrote. and then, the whole website should scroll. not only the middle section. and it should have some nice padding below. and it should be able to be moved with the keyboard. arrows. also, please read this anky and extract from here what you think you should update on the app. think through it and then come with concrete proposals about how to evolve this website/app/system. thanks going live? and what does going live mean? i would make the letters a olittle bit bigger. the font is too smlall. mabybe have a button on the navigation bar always athat allows me to do things on the background of what is here? i don't really know. but i know that there is something special because i have been writing for 1 minute now. and that's the practice. to write. just write. just alow it to write. yesterday i say saw this teleprompter thing and i discovered that there was lots of things that i could change and update and there was an experience that i was having or that i could have and that this interface is really cool. but then i click the bcackspace and there is no place on hwhich the intefrface gets updated as a consequecne of that. that should be different. and if the user is not logged in, we should generate a uuid and create an anky as a consequence of the writing of the user still. it should also be egnerated. its part of the game. but how do i take care of when users can abuse? i know that. we need to start the session. and then there is these checkpoints that are saved every 30 sceconds. so we need to track the time of those calls to the backend so that the backend can know that there is a user that is writing. and if the user that is writing is trying to abuse somehow we could know because we need to generate some sort of special key-value pari that prevents abuse in some way. because there are users that weare going to write their 8 minutes and then they are going to be lieke: wtf happened? ehwre did it go? what happened with my piece of writing? an those users will be puzzled. and it is important to take care of them. to take care of every user. to know that aevery user is here being taken care of. that eveyry user is here being rested and heard. that anky is hearing evry user somehow. and that the layouts and the experiences that happend an that come are these. they are these are nd they are experienced somehow as a consequence of what is being told by the user in their writing. i really like this interface. it is the consolidation of something special. this is the simplicity that makes me fel that i have cracked the cod somehow. but maube it is still too complex? or it could be simpler somehow? or the design of the page that the user seses hwne they open the website could be different? similar to the chatgpt interface? the user opens the left drawer and they see what they have written? all of their sessions? all of their conversations? that is sometihng that i realized yesterday when i was thinking about storeing all the prompts on the changelog. ad every conversation that i could have with claude in order to change this website. and evolve the app. i would like the app to be updated and evolved. but what about the changelog? but it also needs to be simle. simple. like if not it is an absurd amount of noise. and i don't want to bring that noise. i want to bring simplicity. i want to bring the awaraeness that simplicity winds, and that this is designed for that. so it is a balance, you kniow?  and i want to read on the center of the bottom navigation bar, after i pass the 8 minute mark, a text that says: anky accomplished. on a purple nice color