yep. i mean. that kingdom/chakra cosmology is actually great and could be embedded into the stories. there could be infinite stories. and all of them happening on the ankyverse. like anky could literally be this "other world" where fun things happen and kids have stories. like the world of kids. and the characters of the story are always kids and their parents, in one way or another. or it could be that anky is present in the story in a way that is absolutely and fundamentally memorable. anky could be like an omniscient narrator that talked the story as if it knew what is happening inside each character. anky tells the story from inside one of the characters. using one of the characters as the frame of reference of the story. that's wild. and i think we could do it for sure. and make the stories that end up existing wild. we could add to the story generation pipeline a randomizing flow that brought that specific story into a specific town on a specific kingdom of the ankyverse. each kingdom represents a chakra. that story goes to that kingdom because it will be spoken from a specific chakra. WAIT. we could distill the essence behind the writing of the user and assign a chakra to it actually. and then go to that specific kingdom on that specific story and position the frame of reference of the story on the context of that city, with that city's inhabitants. we could, each time that a user creates an account, we could actually start constructing the house of that user. on the ankyverse. and it is a house that mutates. that transports. it is a house that moves, but that somehow always *feels like the same house*. mila has a book called "la casa especial" that speaks about immigrants and how they always move. on the house of this family there is that. and that house moves from kingdom, from city to city, in order to tell the story for that specific anky. the short story that then will be read to the user via the app. and each story will be in 5 languages. the 5 most popular languages on the world. so make sure you generate the TTS json that the swift app will read first in english and then translate to each one of these. any questions? we are adding a bit of complexity but also clarity to the flows