i just wrote this anky and some powerful pieces of jewelery came out anky should have a mechanism through which there was a leaderboard. thinking of monkeytypoe, where there are specific set of data tthat you can extract for a given session, like the difference between one keystroke speed and the nextr one. on a previous version of this i calculated a flow score. that was the core metric. the flow score. and that would be something interesting to explore with people. there could be asome sort of model that calculated the score of the sesion of the user based on typos. and this could be a soimple model that just outputs a number tbtereeen 0 to 100, and that becomes a multiplier in some way? we need to come up with a way of structiring these numbers in order to take something out opf them. of the difference between them. of the pace. of the speded at which i do it. for the impact that it has. for the beauty that it bhas. i need it into this world. i need to explain it. i need to bring it into life. i need to explore how ti feels to be it. why don't you just buy some $anky instead. i moved there a whiale ago back. i want to feel the thirill. i want to experience how it feels to be limitless. somehow on base i felt limited. and honow there is something different. ankyt launcheds on solana. only on solana. at the beginning i want to see. anky. only on solana. that si some interesting and strong branding. it is something that goes to the core. only on solana. that is weehere the cool kids are. there is a handsomoe cool kid in there that "framemogs" everyuone. and there is a cultural resemblance with what is here, with what is alive, and the consequences that it has in me to write about what it feels to be alive. the thing is that this is a fpractice. the thesis bnehind it si simple. the world would be a better place is every person onmi it practices meditation. the thing is that yuou don't need to learn how to meditate. actuallty, is is about unlearning to meditate at all. the practice starts when you stand up from doing the thing. and you decide what doing the thing is. you just need to focus. if making music is your meditation, go for it. if being on the kitchen cooking feood for your family is your meditation.... do it. that's the thing. the landing page on mobile should be an invitation to put an 8 minute timer. that';s the thihng. anky is an 8 minute timer. on mobile it is a 10 minute timer, that has bright cvolors. that is something that im missing on the current interpretation of it. its black with white. it lacks color. it klacks sauce. it lacks that which invites you to bne part of the thing. but it also undertstands that. i understand it. and i want it to change. i want the servce tgjhat is develivered to change. and i feel anxious about it. i do feel like that. and i want also thop bne welcomed by anmky. i want to be in service of anky. i want to be here with anky. i want to be alive with anky. i want an ai aengineer. i want someone that wants to explore the boundaries of what i will use the money for. i will use the money fgor a, b and c. if i win the pump fuin's hackathon i will use tohe money to hire a person to do the videos for me. i alrady have it. she is the one of farcaster. i already know it. i already seen here. i already came with that exploression. exprewssion. the manifestation. the aliveness. i need to know who yto shire. i need to know what to make this into. i need to know what it is aboiuyt. it is all about it. it is all the manifestation of it. if i earn this money i will hire the dude as the chief content creator. i will hire dowm2earth to create the videos and perfectr the pipeline. and then i will lead the charge on social media making this happen. and alsoo an engineer that is part of product. and a designer. antimo? idk. but i need to put $ into aevery part of that raising process. and create a / pitchg00 /pitch-deck-for-pump-hackathon endpoint where you can see the video, but if you decide you can also look at the deck. they are differen tabs. but ovbciously different like with tidifferent colors. and those different colors refpresent each one of the tabs. the one that is active is VIDFEO . and the user can see the video in that one. but they can also clickj the pitch, and what opens is horizontal (it happens right away and uses the full screen, niliterally on horizontal position), and it is a 8 slot pitch deck for anky, representing why we want the 2590 250oi 250k that the pumpo fun hackathon will give is . each one of these is with a color of the ankyverse. remember th egitjub repo: https://github.com/jpfraneto/anklyu-genesis anky-genesis. that's ti. tso go and study the lore and the monorepo and tell me: why shouuld we command anky? wjahat does it bring to the world? what are ywe dgong to do tiwhh with it? thanks extractr from it what could be functional updates and lmk what you come up with